README.adoc, before:

= Living Documentation Plugin for Jenkins
:sectanchors:
:sectlink:
:numbered:
 
BDD living documentation on your jenkins build via https://github.com/rmpestano/cukedoctor[Cukedoctor^]. 

== Introduction

The living documentation plugin basically scans for cucumber json output files in jenkins workspace in order to generate living documentation from it.

Cucumber json output files are generated after cucumber test using the json formatter:


[source,java]
----
@RunWith(Cucumber.class)
@CucumberOptions(plugin = {"json:target/cucumber.json"} )
----
NOTE: *plugin* option replaced *format* option which was deprecated in newer cucumber versions.

Here is how a cucumber feature look like in a documentation:

image::feature.png[]

For more example documentations see here: http://rmpestano.github.io/cukedoctor/

== Instalation

This plugins depends on *Jenkins  v1640* or above due to https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-31019[issue JENKINS-31019^].

== Usage
After instalation the post build action *Living documentation* must be enabled on your jobs:

image::config01.png[]


== Configuration

Here are the possible plugin configuration:

image::config02.png[]

== Accessing documentation

When living documentation plugin is enabled in your job it adds a link which will take you to current project documentation:

image::initial.png[]

NOTE: The plugin only stores the last generated documentation. 

If you choice format *all* in configuration then two links will be rendered in the side panel:

image::all-docs.png[]

Commit message:

link to samples on readme

README.adoc, after:

= Living Documentation Plugin for Jenkins
:sectanchors:
:sectlink:
:numbered:
 
BDD living documentation on your jenkins build via https://github.com/rmpestano/cukedoctor[Cukedoctor^]. 

== Introduction

The living documentation plugin basically scans for cucumber json output files in jenkins workspace in order to generate living documentation from it.

Cucumber json output files are generated after cucumber test using the json formatter:


[source,java]
----
@RunWith(Cucumber.class)
@CucumberOptions(plugin = {"json:target/cucumber.json"} )
----
NOTE: *plugin* option replaced *format* option which was deprecated in newer cucumber versions.

Here is how a cucumber feature look like in a documentation:

image::feature.png[]

For more example documentations see here: http://rmpestano.github.io/cukedoctor/.

Cucumber json files samples can be found here: https://github.com/rmpestano/living-documentation-plugin/tree/master/src/test/resources/json-output.

== Instalation

This plugins depends on *Jenkins  v1640* or above due to https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-31019[issue JENKINS-31019^].

== Usage
After instalation the post build action *Living documentation* must be enabled on your jobs:

image::config01.png[]


== Configuration

Here are the possible plugin configuration:

image::config02.png[]

== Accessing documentation

When living documentation plugin is enabled in your job it adds a link which will take you to current project documentation:

image::initial.png[]

NOTE: The plugin only stores the last generated documentation. 

If you choice format *all* in configuration then two links will be rendered in the side panel:

image::all-docs.png[]
